How to build a Q&A web application using Python and Anvil (#6394)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: content/articles/building-a-qa-web-application/index.md

> Question-Answering Web Apps have been around for a while now. A good example is the use of bots on websites where a user asks a question and an answer is automatically generated. In this build, we will show our readers how to build a Q&A app using one of the pre-trained models on [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Question-Answering Web Apps have been around for a while now. A good example is the use of bots on websites where a user asks a question, and an answer is generated automatically. In this build, we will show our readers how to build a Q&A app using one of the pre-trained models on [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/).
```

- Google Colab or Jupyter Notebook.

### Outline
- [Installing and importing dependencies](#installing-and-importing-dependencies)
- [Setup the deep learning NLP model](#setup-the-deep-learning-nlp-model)
- [Integrating the model with Anvil app](#integrating-the-model-with-anvil-app)
- [Connecting to Anvil](@connecting-to-anvil)
- [Setting up a callable function](#setting-up-a-callable-function)
- [Testing the app](#testing-the-app)
- [Conclusion](#conclusion)
- [References](#references)

### Installing and importing dependencies
The first dependency that we will install is PyTorch.

```bash
!pip3 install torch==1.10.2+cu113 torchvision==0.11.3+cu113 torchaudio==0.10.2+cu113 -f https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu113/torch_stable.html
```
The next dependency that we will install is Transformers. Transformers is the NLP library that will allow us to use the model from HuggingFace.

```bash
!pip install transformers
```
Those are the two main dependencies that we will use in this tutorial. Let's go ahead and import the tokenizer, pipeline, and model from transformers.

```python
from transformers import AutoModelForQuestionAnswering, AutoTokenizer, pipeline
```

> - The `AutoTokenizer` allows us to convert natural language into tokens which can then be used by the NLP model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The NLP model uses the `AutoTokenizer` to convert natural language into tokens.
```

To use this model, we'll need to pass in a dictionary. To this dictionary, we need to pass in two things. A question and some context. We've created a variable called `random_text` to hold some text randomly fetched from Wikipedia. We will pass this variable to the `context`.

```python
random_text = """
<To avoid plagiarism flags, please refer to the Google Colab to access the random text gotten from Wikipedia>
"""

QA_set = {
            'question':'What is machine learning?',
            'context': random_text
}
```
Let's go ahead and test this out in our pipeline.

```python
nlp_pipeline(QA_set)
```

Results:
```bash
{'answer': 'computer algorithms that can improve automatically through experience and by the use of data',
 'end': 131,
 'score': 0.06677386909723282,
 'start': 39}
```
Impressive right? Let's pass on another question.

```python
QA_set = {
            'question':'Where are machine learning algorithms used?',
            'context': random_text
}
```
Results:
```bash
{'answer': 'medicine, email filtering, speech recognition, and computer vision',
 'end': 509,
 'score': 0.27500787377357483,
 'start': 443}
```

> The model seems to be giving us the right answers by simply fetching context from the paragraph. This is so nice! We could take this a step further a build a web application that enables users to interact with the model easily. This is where Anvil comes in handy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model seems to be giving us the answers by simply fetching context from the paragraph. This is so nice! We can take this a step further. We can build a web interface that enables users to interact with the model easily. This is where Anvil comes in handy.
```
